Isaak: Hi.
Isaak: Yeah thank
Isaak: You. How's it going, um, things are. OK, I guess, well it worked. Okay. At first, like the past month like
Isaak: I don't know, I just because it's locked down. I mean the guy extended to get stuff like I've just been noticing like
Isaak: I don't know if it's been cooped up at home or what but like I was sort of some like more cravings and stuff, you know. So I talked to my
Isaak: My doctor or whatever. And I'm going back up to what I was on originally and i mean i don't know i'm kind of bummed about that, but it's like, I don't want to like mess up, you know,
Isaak: So,
Shawn Phalen: My you been coming why you'd be bummed about having to go up.
Isaak: Well, I mean, I don't know, like, because I had like this whole game plan, you know, like I wanted to
Isaak: Taper and like you know like eventually Ryan got, like, you know, almost off this I learned to like maybe go to school or get, like, you know, more full time, you know, job and stuff. And I just have like a game plan. And then this coronavirus stuff just like messed everything up.
Isaak: But, um, I mean, I've got a new game plan, though. Now, so, like, so that's good. I guess like you know in the past few days like I figured out like
Isaak: I'm just going to go back up on my medicine and then I'm probably going to try to get a car because I've got a few months, like, I don't know. I've got like a few grand
Isaak: From, like, the stimulus checks and stuff and just have a money left over. So I'm going to get a car, and then I might do grub hub.
Isaak: Yeah, right. Because I mean, right now I think that's the best option because like I live with people that are at risk. But, I mean, I won't really be around, you know, people when shit so seems like, I don't know, I just kind of need a purpose right now because I'm just all I
Isaak: Just all fucked up right now.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, it's a little frustrating, isn't it.
Isaak: Yeah, I mean, I don't know, I just had like a shit ton of anxiety honestly like
What do you think things is from
Isaak: I mean just feeling stuck like i mean i don't know like I started getting clean and stuff. And like now slop down like I feel like
Isaak: Now, the world's on pause. You know what I mean like I felt like my life was on pause because of my choices. So now. Now, I don't know. It's like the world is on drugs. Yeah. You know what I mean.
Shawn Phalen: Did you have any relapses when you were having those cravings.
Isaak: No, no.
Isaak: That's good. What did you do when you have the cravings, um, honestly. I mean, it was pretty tough. I mean, I was like kind of a nightmare. I'm sure I mean I'm. It doesn't help you, that you know we're all being like cooped in the house and shit so right. I don't know.
Isaak: That's like another reason kind of why I want to get a job just so like, I'm not here, like all the time, you know, because we're all just cooped up all the time and yeah
Shawn Phalen: So tell me what you did when you enter cravings. We just white knuckling it
Isaak: Well, I mean, I don't know, I just got depressed and you like an isolate like there was a week where like I really just didn't do like anything. You know what I mean, like, I only took like maybe a few showers. You know, like it was bad, like I just didn't. I was just fucked up.
Shawn Phalen: Was that anxiety or from cravings.
Isaak: I mean like cravings and anxiety. Like, I mean I feel like the cravings, like triggered anxiety and like depression you know cuz i mean i'm i don't know i used to bring to you know, and so I was trying not to do that as well. So because like that's like go to and I don't know.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I mean, you can still go for walks right you can still
Isaak: Yeah. Oh, I could still do that. I've been. I've been working out. But like I said, I don't know, it's just like a few weeks ago, like it was really bad. You know, I'm kind of like
Isaak: put things together. Now, you know, like, I mean, I stopped working out for a little bit. I just started like kind of eating unhealthy again and but I just past week or so I kind of put everything you know back together so
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so I mean this is this quarantines not gonna, it's not gonna last forever.
Isaak: Yeah, I know.
I know. I mean, it was extended yeah and that sucks, but it's gonna be for only, you know, another month
Isaak: Yeah, hopefully. Yeah, and
Shawn Phalen: And so I think that it's also about finding things like even though it's really difficult to have a routine right now. It's really important to have operating
Isaak: Know, I know.
Isaak: So if that means like going to bed at the same time and waking up at the same time, if that means like you take a walk in the morning and then you take a walk at night, you know you're doing thing staying engaged to get out of that out. It's us
Isaak: Oh, I mean, I've been I'm pretty routine for the most part, like even I mean
Isaak: But like I said, like, I don't know. I've just had like a few tough weeks, you know, I'm just glad that I sat back to the most part, you know,
Isaak: And I'm glad that I i said something to you know my doctor, whatever.
Isaak: Honestly, like I i don't know if I would have made it much longer. So I'm so glad you said something
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, has she increased her medication. Have you started taking it.
Isaak: Yeah, I mean, so basically
Isaak: I wasn't going to get like a new prescription for like another week or two, but he made it to her like I'll get my next prescription or whatever, like next week.
Isaak: Or like this week actually Friday or whatever. And like I have just enough to where like, I started taking, you know, to, again, to make it though.
Isaak: Okay, did you take to today. Yeah.
You notice the difference here.
Isaak: Um, I kinda yeah I mean like, like, I don't know. It's only been like a few days. But I mean, like the cravings been like a little bit
Isaak: But yeah
So,
Isaak: I mean, yeah, so during that like my game plan is just like grub hub cuz I mean like, you know,
Isaak: I think like most people that want food delivered right now or whatever. Probably going to like just wanting to even on the porch.
Isaak: Is like, usually there's the option where like, you know, you could have them bring them to the door, whatever. So it'll just be good. So I don't x, you know, excellent. We get the virus or something and bring a year.
Isaak: So,
Shawn Phalen: I agree. I think most
Isaak: People are fine with you just leaving end up the door or wherever on the yeah you can wear a mask that would help you feel safer, you can work with that would help us today for
Isaak: You can certainly spend your day doing grub hub. You know, like can, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Movie out as long as you want to be out right
Shawn Phalen: Have you ever done it before.
Isaak: I'm not that kind of job. No, I mean, yeah, no, I haven't really done delivery stuff but I mean I have done it and stuff. And I mean it's a it's pretty easy and you know it's it's decent I figured it would be like probably better like wages right now because you
Isaak: More takeouts going on.
Isaak: People make good money doing that. Yeah, you know,
Isaak: I mean it's supplemental think because you're, you're still, you're not getting unemployment anymore, you know. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So at least had some money coming in and like
Isaak: Good as often as you want to do it. And I feel like
I feel like
Shawn Phalen: I understand that you wanted to taper get it.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I thought, I thought it was a little too soon.
Isaak: Yeah, that's okay.
And you found out that it was probably a little bit too soon.
Shawn Phalen: And it's an easy fix. Which is a really good news, right. Good thing.
Shawn Phalen: That's easy to fix. And now it's gives you time and space to think about what's next plane is like so. Now what like once once this quarantines over what do you wanting to do you think you want to, what's your next goal in terms of what you want to accomplish.
Isaak: Um, well, the quarantines over. I mean, I'm not really sure. Like, I mean depends, like if I start the grub hub. You know, I might stick around that, you know,
Isaak: On how it goes and stuff and I'm still going to be up. I mean, I might try to taper like a few months after the quarantine like it just all depends. Like when it ends, you know,
Isaak: But tell me why you want to taper. I say why I just feel like okay well I just feel like, I don't know, I, I just don't want to be on like this too long. Like, I don't know, I just feel like, to me, like, I don't know.
Isaak: I just wish like I could just start for us to done. You know what I mean.
Shawn Phalen: But what you don't understand is that by being on this Suboxone years
Isaak: You're starting you're starting fresh, you have a fresh start now. Yeah, no, I just think of it that way more. I mean, I do, though, and you know, like, for me, it's been like a miracle. For me, it really is because like i mean i was i was pretty fucked up without it, you know. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So here's here's maybe a way of thinking about this is, like, you're not gonna have to be on the Suboxone forever. Okay. And it's not a defeat. It's okay. Look, listen.
Shawn Phalen: Look at you, you, you have a lot of courage okay and and you really wanted to taper and I get it. And it's not a failure. It's not a defeat. It's just that it's not time right now.
Shawn Phalen: That's all. And it doesn't mean look, if you're not gonna. You don't have to be on this for the rest of your life. But you have to be really smart about it. Great.
Shawn Phalen: You know, you're still an early sobriety and then really, really well and really stupid done so well you have come so far. I mean, I've started, I started working with you when you first got in this program.
Isaak: I know I saw
Shawn Phalen: You know, like, I mean, from where you were and where you are now was amazing.
Shawn Phalen: So the next step is to
Isaak: Find a job now so finding a practice not mean you have to be off Suboxone at all. Yeah, you're, you're right. Okay, that's like I feel like this whole situation, it's kind of helped me realize that a little bit, you know,
Isaak: Like, I don't know if like the lockdown. And then trying to taper and then going back up. Like, I realize that, because like you know my original plan was like that I felt like I just needed to taper off this, you know, and I mean you're right it is pretty early to I mean
Isaak: It hasn't really been a year yet. You know what I mean, right.
Shawn Phalen: Like, I think, I think we talked about this, this might have been a while ago. But I think what I had said to say, okay, you have to Elise, give it a year, maybe a year and a half with being on Suboxone for you consider tapering
Isaak: Yeah, so the next thing is like there's
Isaak: In terms of like personal growth and emotional growth. The next step is to find a job like your night five or how
Shawn Phalen: Whenever a 40 hour week a job right.
Isaak: So then you get that experience under your belt and then you start to
Shawn Phalen: You start earning your money. Right. And then the next step might be to find your own place when you feel like you're ready to do that, like, so you're taking steps to
Just be completely self supporting and self sufficient.
Isaak: Yeah, no, I know that's that's what I wanted. Yeah, so
Shawn Phalen: You know that's that's also you know what sobriety is, you know, to
Isaak: hold a job that I know you can hold a job. Yeah, I had like, you know, I felt that's that's why, like a, you know, that was for like my plan right now.
Isaak: I guess when I had a job in the past like, you know, I felt love like better. You know what I mean, even though I was like messed up. Like, it's still gave me more purpose that I have right now. You know what I mean.
You're young yeah you know like you're young and, you know,
Isaak: The world's your oyster. Yeah. And you're right, you should be out there working and you should be earning your own money and you should be meeting people for work, you know, that's all part of
Isaak: Know I know that's all part of what you should be doing. And once this cortinas over yeah now start working towards that. It just take this
Shawn Phalen: It's not a race. Okay.
Isaak: It's fine, not a race. So I know it's disappointing.
Isaak: Yeah, but
Shawn Phalen: You know, even you said, you know, that was your game plan. And now, and now you have another game plan, you know,
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Right. And here's
Isaak: Her you know
Shawn Phalen: That's what it is. It's trial and error and and you know even you were just saying, like you're really messed up when you first came to this program.
Yeah. And so you have to look at how far you've come and how far you you know where you want to call not what you don't want to go backwards.
Isaak: Yeah.
So, you know, just keep putting your foot one foot or the other and
Shawn Phalen: Are you feeling
Isaak: Kinda Democrats. Um, well, I mean I have like, yeah, I mean, often on you know like today was a lot better though because like I started to like kind of come up with an idea of what I'm going to do, you know, but like, often on
Isaak: Hasn't been really overwhelming, or do you think, do you think it's from less because you're not, you weren't taking as much oxygen. Um, I mean, I'm sure it's like a combination of things, you know,
Isaak: Feeling better for the most part, you know,
Isaak: Don't be so hard on yourself. I know.
Shawn Phalen: Seriously come so far. Look at your accomplished.
Isaak: All right, good. Fear depression starts
Shawn Phalen: To if it doesn't look like if it gets worse or if it's just kind of keeping you down. Make sure you talk to, who's your doctor. Again, who's the prescriber
Isaak: I'm Dr fig. Yeah. Make sure you talk to Dr fig about it, but I have a feeling. Once you up the sandbox. And we're going to be okay like once
Isaak: Yeah.
Isaak: I think, I think.
I'm
Okay, you want to do.
Isaak: Do you wanna do
Isaak: It, it doesn't matter to me. I mean,
Isaak: Didn't paper.
Shawn Phalen: Want to do
Isaak: First that six
Isaak: The first
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. JUNE JUNE JUNE 1 at six o'clock.
Isaak: Oh yeah, it'll be all right.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. And if you're feeling like you need to meet with me sooner than that, just call them the call center and they'll schedule you
Isaak: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right.
Isaak: All right, well, thank you. Hey,
Isaak: You doing great. Alright, have
Okay.